The AI tools below the SOAP note. The button for add task should automatically look for tasks that need to be made if any, and also prompted for new ones to be entered manually. Same goes for Referral Letter. They can be deleted manually for the autogenerated as well as the manually added. Suggested billing codes as well as diagnosis is autogenerating at this is fine. There should be able to add more diagnosis. When printing the soap note, anything that as confirmed by the provider, that can be added to that printable note as well, or save as PDF. A drop down feature to add each dx and cpt code would be nice for any additional codes so it can be added to it. At top near the date and time, there is a general tag… I am not sure what it represents, but probably can be removed. The Resume button should have a color assigned to it as well so it matches and stands out to the user. Maybe put it next to the save button, or consider removing the. Save button since it autosaves anyway and make it say resume. I believe it can be in the same spot as transcribe button… it just toggles based on where we are at in the process so Transcribe after starting turns in to stop, than after stop it turns into Resume. Also the the light mode vs dark mode icon can stay where it is the gear can become a microphone sympol… can it change colors as audio is heard so we know it is hearing. The icon with the 5 dashes can be removed if we use the mcirophone. When the SOAP note is on screen, a drop-down box for redoing the note and select the template should be there. So Default, Allergy, if any other exist, they should be there to. Once it is selected it can hit re-transcribe button next to it. The buttons can actually be in the box to the left of the copy icon that is there to copy the note. The AI instructions buttons can be made smaller as well as the translate button. The AI tool bar is fine as the way it is. The Transcript button at the bottom can actually be added near the new button for retranscribe. Like it is on the Scribe section… 